302:::Is the disease of Poliomyelitis (polio) under control in the world? 
308:::What are the advantages and/or disadvantages of tooth implants? 
313:::Commercial uses of Magnetic Levitation. 
314:::Commercial harvesting of marine vegetation such as  algae, seaweed and kelp for food and drug purposes. 
316:::A look at the roots and prevalence of polygamy  in the world today. 
324:::Define Argentine and British international relations   
325:::Describe a cult by name and identify the cult members' activities in their everyday life. 
330:::This query is looking for examples of cooperation or friendly ties between Iran and Iraq, or ways in which the two countries could be considered allies.             
334:::Determine the usefulness and effectiveness of  continuing to maintain export controls on  encryption software. 
337:::What research has been done on viral hepatitis  and what progress has been made in its treatment? 
338:::What adverse effects have people experienced while taking  aspirin repeatedly? 
339:::What drugs are being used in the treatment of  Alzheimer's Disease and how successful are they? 
348:::Is the fear of open or public places (Agoraphobia) a widespread disorder or relatively unknown? 
352:::What impact has the Chunnel had on the British economy and/or  the life style of the British? 
353:::Identify systematic explorations and scientific investigations of Antarctica, current or planned. 
359:::Are there reliable and consistent predictors of mutual fund performance? 
361:::Identify documents that discuss clothing sweatshops. 
367:::What modern instances have there been of old fashioned piracy, the boarding or taking control of boats? 
369:::What are the causes and treatments of anorexia nervosa and bulimia? 
373:::Identify documents that discuss the concerns of the United States regarding the export of  encryption equipment. 
377:::Identify documents that discuss the renewed  popularity of cigar smoking. 
381:::What forms of alternative medicine are being used in the treatment of illnesses or diseases and how successful are they? 
385:::Identify documents that discuss the current status of hybrid automobile engines, (i.e., cars fueled by something other than gasoline only). 
391:::Identify documents that discuss the impact of the cost of research and development (R&D) on the price of drugs. 
392:::What are the applications of robotics in the world today? 
401:::What language and cultural differences impede the integration  of foreign minorities in Germany? 
404:::How often were the peace talks in Ireland delayed or disrupted as a result of acts of violence? 
408:::What tropical storms (hurricanes and typhoons) have caused significant property damage and loss of life? 
414:::How much sugar does Cuba export and which countries import it? 
416:::What is the status of The Three Gorges Project? 
418:::In what ways have quilts been used to generate income? 
419:::What new uses have been developed for old automobile tires as a means of tire recycling? 
420:::How widespread is carbon monoxide poisoning on  a global scale? 
421:::How is the disposal of industrial waste being accomplished by industrial management throughout the world? 
433:::Is there contemporary interest in the Greek philosophy of stoicism? 
434:::What is the state of the economy of Estonia? 
436:::What are the causes of railway accidents throughout the world? 
444:::What are the potential uses for supercritical fluids as an environmental protection measure? 
445:::What other countries besides the United States are considering  or have approved women as clergy persons? 
446:::Where are tourists likely to be subjected to acts of violence causing bodily harm or death? 
447:::What new developments and applications are there for the Stirling engine? 
450:::How significant a figure over the years was the late Jordanian King Hussein in furthering peace in the  Middle East? 
